Which baseline project (A, B, or C) did you implement?
- In my final game, I implemented baseline project C.
Describe your program-what is it like? If you have this as a comment, it can be copied and pasted from your code, but you should discuss: 
- My program is a scrolling-object game, where the player uses the keyboard arrow keys to move the main character, Remy, around. Remy is able to collect objects, including ingredients in a recipe (tomatos and onions), cheese, but has to dodge knives and mousetraps (which subtract one of his "lives" and traps him, respectively). In this way, the player interacts with the given objects through arrow-key manipulation and calculating the distance and angle travelled. 
- The goal of the game is to 1) collect 20 tomatoes and onions (20 of each), which then spawns a chef on the screen, who must 2) be caught. Then, the game is won.
- The end state of the game is either a win or a loss. The win only occurs one way: Remy atop the chef, scrolling objects gone, and the two characters basking in their victory at the center of the screen. The loss happens when Remy runs out of lives (hearts), In which case the scrolling objects also disappear but Remy is all alone and sad.
What bugs and conceptual difficulties did you encounter? How did you overcome them? What did you learn?
- overlaps: this was a challenging one, as the many comparisons between objects' x- and y-cooridnates made the equations jumbled and unclear. I solved this by diagraming the process on paper, drawing out all the scenarios of when an object overlaps. Understanding that BOTH x and y values must overlap helped me figure this one out.
- placing mousetraps behind cheese: I wanted to make sure that mousetraps only came behind cheese objects. At first, this was confusing because I did not know whether to add a mousetrap every time a cheese was added, or go through the ArrayList afterward and tweak it so that each cheese was followed by a mousetrap. In the end, I made it so that the original "random" mousetraps were replaced with cheeses, with a mousetrap added to the back. In the draw function, it would draw the mousetrap smaller and in the right corner of the cheese. 
- freeze: when Remy is frozen, he does not gain hearts from eating cheese that floats his way, and neither does he get credit for the onions and tomatoes he touches in that time. I had to ensure that the if statements that checked the conditions for these things running was exact. 
- the final stage: When I first implemented the game, I had a clicking component in "catching" the chef, where the user would have to click on the chef as he bounces around in order to win the game. however, since the scrolling objects were still scrolling at this time, it was too challenging to realistically keep track of the rat and the mouse at the same time while avoiding knives and mousetraps.
Describe whatever help (if any) that you received. Don’t include readings, lectures, and exercises, but do include any help from other sources, such as websites or people (including classmates and friends) and attribute them by name.
- I referenced Lab 10 (specifically, the ZigZagFish class) in order to implement the randomly moving chef. 
Describe any serious problems you encountered while writing the program.
- I did not encounter any serious problems while writing the program. I think many of my class-design choices are questionable, though. For example, I think I had originally planned for ScrollingObject to hold a single object, but ended up writing it so that it held the array of all scrolling objects. This makes the polymorphism aspect a bit confusing, and I would have to separate the two (individual S.O. from the ArrayList) if I were to further develop the project. However, I think ScrollingObject as a holder for the ArrayList makes initializing and manipulating the array much easier.
Did you do any of the challenges (see below)? If so, explain what you did.
- As the C project, I added the "freeze" ability from the "bad" mousetrap, a tracker for the "recipe" (counting how many tomatoes/onions are collected), hearts for lives, and a randomly moving chef for the "final stage" of the game. These features meant the program had to keep track of 1) how many lives Remy has (affected by the knives and cheese), 2) if Remy is frozen or not, 3) if the chef is on screen, 4) if Remy has reached the chef, and a few more minor conditions. My code had to account for the interactions between these conditions, like ensuring that cheese do not increase Remy's life when he is frozen in a mousetrap.
- The chef also generally "avoids" Remy when he appears, making it harder for the player to reach him.
List any other feedback you have. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.
- This project was a lot of fun to plan and create! It was a challenge at first to design the game myself, as I did not know what to create new classes for, how to make the classes interact, etc. However, by the end, I think I understood it much better. You can see this progression in the ScrollingObject class versus the Heart or Recipe classes, as ScrollingObject is a bit murky in its function (is it supposed to be a single object? or contain the arrayList? is a question I keep asking myself), but Heart and Recipe are clearly outlined and it is clear that the class has a specific, useful function. Working with graphics was also fun, since I could bring in what I wanted to and manipulate it ot get my game idea across to the player.
