What bugs and conceptual difficulties did you encounter? How did you overcome them? What did you learn?
- It was challenging to conceptually place where the code should receive input in relation to displaying the game board and check the game status. It was helpful to first write out this code, then build the rest of the project around it. 
- input validation for the pile letter: Initially, I tried using or (||) statements to simplify the code and check the data using a single if statement. However, that did not work because of the nature of using not (!) statements and some statements always being true, and hence the code not working the way I wanted it to. Thus, I had to use nested if statements to go through and check all the conditions. In this process, it was helpful to run the code, type in purposefully mistaken input, and see how the code functioned. Then, I could go in and add features that would account for such errors. 
- Input validation for stick numbers: I was unsure which condition to check first (too little? too large?) to ensure the most efficient code. I tried checking for erroneous values first, but that made the code too long and redundant. So, I checked if the value was correct first before testing for specific errors. 
- Game ending: At first, I was unsure of how to check if the game was finished or not. I thought of making a boolean variable that would go through each pile and see if the number was 0. Looking back, I could have done it this way, which would make the code more suitable for expansion (eg. if I were to add more piles). However, I found that using the total number of sticks in the piles also worked fine.

Describe whatever help (if any) that you received. Don’t include readings, lectures, and exercises, but do include any help from other sources, such as websites or people (including classmates and friends) and attribute them by name. Even if you get help for something small, describe it here!
- How to initialize loops with data in them, using curly brackets: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/arrays-in-java/ 
- Slight help with while loops (used to play around with the do-while loop, but did not use it in final code): https://www.w3schools.com/java/java_while_loop.asp
- Syntactical details in importing a Scanner class, creating object: https://www.w3schools.com/java/java_user_input.asp

Discuss any serious problems you encountered while writing the program.
- I was able to finish writing the program without any serious coding issues. Conceptually, however, I think I over-simplified processes in the beginning, expecting them to be as simple as I thought they were (e.g. using || to check whether the text input was A, B, or C; which did not work out very well). This made me slow down and realize that some parts of code are more complicated than I expect. 

Did you do any of the challenges (see below)? If so, explain what you did.
- No, I did not complete the challenges. 

List any other feedback you have. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.
- Doing this assignment, especially creating the code from scratch (without any pre-written or outlined code), was helpful in cementing the topics we learned in class. Compiling the knowledge of creating a public class, placing a main function within it, working out the nitty gritty details in for loops (e.g. testing my knowledge on which conditions came first between i=0, i<10, i++), all the while making sure my syntax (those semicolons really got to me after a semester of Python!) was correct—tested my knowledge and I had to look back on my notes/exercises. The game was interesting to play, which helped the process of testing my code stay interesting. Overall, I did not learn any completely new concepts, but it was more about translating my previous Python and slight JavaScript knowledge into Java, and learning about the details along the way. 